Big O notation is language we use to talk about how long an algorithm takes to run.
In Big O notation,
we use O to represent the order of function.
N symbol inside of the bracket tells the time complexity.
Recall the example we're using for binary search.
If we're iterating through the array to find a number where the time complexity is O n,
which means we need to go through this array one by one for the worst case,
and if we're searching array with binary search the time complexity is O
log n. So how many other time complexities do we have?
Here is a table of different time complexities and some examples.
Here's a graph shows all different time complexity in terms of element and operations.
As you can see here, if you're O one,
which means it's constant it won't change regardless of element increase.
If you have O log n which will increase slowly because you have log n time complexity.
If you have O n which means your operation increase when the element increase.
As far as exponential like here and
here will increase very fast when the element grows larger.